{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Devanagari Sangam MN;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 PingFang SC;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Geeza Pro;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 Hiragino Sans;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red17\green17\blue17;\red102\green102\blue102;\red232\green30\blue30;\red30\green142\blue62;\red255\green153\blue0;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa120\f0\fs22\par\sb240\sa120\b\fs44 Amazon Pay - Product Requirements Document\b0\fs22\par\sa120 This document describes the high-level requirements for Amazon Pay across customer, merchant, and operational concerns.\par \par\sb200\sa100\b\fs32 1. Overview\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Amazon Pay enables customers to pay using saved Amazon credentials. The goal is frictionless checkout for buyers and reduced PCI scope for merchants.\par \par\sb200\sa100\b\fs32 2. Customer experience\b0\fs22\par\sa120 \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 2.1 Quick checkout\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Returning customers see a single-tap Pay button. Latency target: p95 < 5s on authorize().\par \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 2.2 Purchase protection\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 A-to-z guarantee within 14 days for eligible orders.\par \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 2.3 Localization\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Supports US, EU, JP, IN with locale-aware payment methods (UPI / SEPA / etc.).\par \par\sb200\sa100\b\fs32 3. Merchant integration\b0\fs22\par\sa120 \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 3.1 SDKs\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Web JS, iOS, Android, and headless REST clients are provided.\par \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 3.2 Webhook delivery\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Events delivered with signed payloads. Retry with exponential backoff for 24h on non-2xx, max 6 attempts.\par \par\sb200\sa100\b\fs32 4. Operations\b0\fs22\par\sa120 \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 4.1 Refunds\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Full and partial refunds within 180 days from capture. Sum of refunds MUST NOT exceed captured amount.\par \par\sb160\sa80\b\fs26\i 4.2 Reconciliation\i0\b0\fs22\par\sa120 Settlement on T+3 by default; T+1 available for high-volume merchants.\par }