{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}

                \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24
                \b Amazon's Key Service Offerings\b0\par
                Amazon provides a wide range of services to its customers and third-party sellers. These include:\par
                \pntext\f0\'B7\tab
                \pard\intbl \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\pnlvlblt\pnindent0\pncard1\pnlcrm\pnf0\'B7\pnindent0
                \tab Amazon Prime: A subscription service with benefits.\par
                \tab Amazon Web Services (AWS): The world's leading cloud platform.\par
                \tab
                \b What are the benefits of Prime?\b0\par
                \pntext\f0\'B7\tab
                \pard\intbl \pnlvlblt\ilvl1\pnlvlblt\pnindent0\pncard1\pnlcrm\pnf0\'B7\pnindent0
                \tab Free two-day shipping on millions of items.\par
                \tab Access to Prime Video and Prime Music.\par
                \tab Exclusive deals and discounts.\par
                \tab
                \b What are Amazon's primary cloud services?\b0\par
                \pntext\f0\'B7\tab
                \pard\intbl \pnlvlblt\ilvl1\pnlvlblt\pnindent0\pncard1\pnlcrm\pnf0\'B7\pnindent0
                \tab Compute services (e.g., EC2).\par
                \tab Storage services (e.g., S3).\par
                \tab Database services (e.g., RDS).\par
                \pntext\f0\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
                \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24
                Amazon offers a robust set of services to its users and sellers. The following are a few of its primary services:\par
                \listtext\f0\'01\tab \pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ilvl0\pnindent0
                Amazon Prime: A subscription service that offers a variety of benefits.\par
                \listtext\f0\'02\tab \pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ilvl0\pnindent0
                Amazon Web Services (AWS): The world's leading cloud platform.\par
                \listtext\f0\'03\tab \pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ilvl0\pnindent0
                Kindle: A series of e-readers and a digital book platform.\par
                \listtext\f0\'04\tab \pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ilvl0\pnindent0
                Alexa: A voice assistant and the technology that powers Echo smart speakers.\par
                \listtext\f0\'05\tab \pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ilvl0\pnindent0
                Audible: A service for digital audiobooks and other spoken-word entertainment.\par
            
}