{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Amazon Pay Boundary Fixture v1;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22
{\b\fs28 One-Click Checkout}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: One-Click Checkout. Allows a returning customer to complete a purchase in a single click using their saved Amazon Pay address and payment method. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Buy Now Pay Later}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Buy Now Pay Later. Customers split eligible Amazon Pay purchases into interest-free EMIs at checkout, with eligibility decided in real time. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 UPI Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: UPI Payments. Amazon Pay UPI lets users link any UPI-enabled bank account and pay merchants, scan QR codes, and send money to contacts. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Recurring Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Recurring Payments. Subscription mandates over UPI AutoPay and cards-on-file allow merchants to debit customers on a fixed schedule. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Amazon Pay Wallet}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Amazon Pay Wallet. Closed-loop wallet for instant settlements on Amazon and partner merchants, with KYC-driven top-up limits. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Send Money to Contacts}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Send Money to Contacts. Peer-to-peer transfers to phone-number or VPA addresses, with instant credit on the recipient bank account. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Bill Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Bill Payments. Pay electricity, water, gas, broadband and postpaid bills with reminders and auto-pay opt-in across 100+ billers. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Mobile Recharge}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Mobile Recharge. Prepaid and postpaid mobile recharges across all major Indian operators with cashback offers. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 DTH Recharge}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: DTH Recharge. DTH set-top-box recharges with plan recommendations and renewal reminders. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Insurance Premium Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Insurance Premium Payments. Pay life, health, and motor insurance premiums; supports auto-debit mandates and renewal alerts. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Credit Card Bill Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Credit Card Bill Payments. Pay credit card statements via Amazon Pay UPI or net-banking with same-day settlement. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 EMI Auto-Debit}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: EMI Auto-Debit. Standing instructions on cards-on-file and UPI AutoPay for loan EMIs, with mandate management via Amazon Pay app. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Rewards & Cashback}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Rewards & Cashback. Earn Amazon Pay balance as cashback on eligible spends; cashback is fungible across Amazon.in and partner merchants. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Coupons & Promo Codes}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Coupons & Promo Codes. Apply merchant promo codes and Amazon Pay-funded offers at the payment step. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Gift Cards}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Gift Cards. Buy and redeem Amazon Pay gift cards across denominations, with corporate bulk-purchase APIs. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Merchant Settlements}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Merchant Settlements. T+1 settlements for merchants over IMPS/NEFT/RTGS with line-item reconciliation reports. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Refund Processing}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Refund Processing. Source-of-payment refunds reverse to original instrument; Amazon Pay balance refunds settle instantly. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Transaction History}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Transaction History. Searchable, filterable transaction list with tax invoices, status codes, and refund linkages. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 KYC Verification}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: KYC Verification. Aadhaar-based, OVD, and video KYC flows that unlock wallet, full-KYC, and merchant features per regulator tiers. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Fraud Detection}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Fraud Detection. Device-fingerprint, velocity, and ML-based risk scoring at every payment attempt with step-up auth fallback. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 PIN & Biometric Authentication}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: PIN & Biometric Authentication. Re-authenticates every payment via 6-digit Amazon Pay PIN or device biometric per RBI guidelines. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Strong Customer Authentication}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Strong Customer Authentication. Two-factor authentication that combines knowledge (PIN/OTP), possession (device), and inherence (biometric) factors. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Multi-Currency Support}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Multi-Currency Support. Domestic INR rails plus cross-border AED/USD/GBP rails for select merchants and remittance corridors. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 Cross-Border Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: Cross-Border Payments. Outbound and inbound international payments using partner networks and FEMA-compliant LRS flows. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
\page
{\b\fs28 QR Code Payments}\par
Amazon Pay Feature: QR Code Payments. Static and dynamic QR support, including Bharat QR and UPI QR, with merchant-side reconciliation. The feature is part of the Amazon Pay platform and integrates with the customer wallet, merchant settlement pipeline, fraud and risk engines, and the reconciliation and reporting subsystem. It honors RBI guidelines on tokenization, two-factor authentication and storage of customer instruments, and exposes both REST and SDK surfaces for merchant integration. Operationally the feature emits structured events for downstream analytics, billing and customer-support tooling.\par
}
